Support adding constraints to object types in DDL (#1581)
edgedb/edgedb: docs/edgeql/ddl/objects.rst

    Define a new property for this object type.  See
    :eql:stmt:`CREATE PROPERTY` for details.

:eql:synopsis:`CREATE CONSTRAINT <constraint-name> ...`

>     Define a concrete constraint for this link.  See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Define a concrete constraint for this object type.  See
```

    Remove a property item from this object type.  See
    :eql:stmt:`DROP PROPERTY` for details.

:eql:synopsis:`ALTER CONSTRAINT <constraint-name> ...`

>     Alter the definition of a constraint for this link.  See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Alter the definition of a constraint for this object type.  See
```

    :eql:stmt:`ALTER CONSTRAINT` for details.

:eql:synopsis:`DROP CONSTRAINT <constraint-name>;`

>     Remove a constraint from this link.  See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Remove a constraint from this object type.  See
```
